Remove IBC logic from x/upgrade (#8673)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/core/proto-docs.md

| `time` | [google.protobuf.Timestamp](#google.protobuf.Timestamp) |  | The time after which the upgrade must be performed. Leave set to its zero value to use a pre-defined Height instead. |
| `height` | [int64](#int64) |  | The height at which the upgrade must be performed. Only used if Time is not set. |
| `info` | [string](#string) |  | Any application specific upgrade info to be included on-chain such as a git commit that validators could automatically upgrade to |

> | `upgraded_client_state` | [bytes](#bytes) |  | IBC-enabled chains can opt-in to including the upgraded client state in its upgrade plan This will make the chain commit to the correct upgraded (self) client state before the upgrade occurs, so that connecting chains can verify that the new upgraded client is valid by verifying a proof on the previous version of the chain. This will allow IBC connections to persist smoothly across planned chain upgrades |

Reviewer: Unfortunately this makes the upgraded_client_state illegible for anyone trying to decide on the proposal.

Perhaps there should be tooling to decode this for the end user?

Reviewer: Nvm, I think it's better to move the proposal to IBC where it can be left as it was before

Author: This would require adding two proposals correct? One to activate IBC breaking upgrade and another to cancel it?

<a name="ibc.core.client.v1.UpgradeProposal"></a>

### UpgradeProposal
UpgradeProposal is a gov Content type for initiating an IBC breaking
upgrade.

| Field | Type | Label | Description |
| ----- | ---- | ----- | ----------- |
| `title` | [string](#string) |  |  |
| `description` | [string](#string) |  |  |
| `plan` | [cosmos.upgrade.v1beta1.Plan](#cosmos.upgrade.v1beta1.Plan) |  |  |

> | `upgraded_client_state` | [google.protobuf.Any](#google.protobuf.Any) |  | An UpgradedClientState must be provided to perform an IBC breaking upgrade. This will make the chain commit to the correct upgraded (self) client state before the upgrade occurs, so that connecting chains can verify that the new upgraded client is valid by verifying a proof on the previous version of the chain. This will allow IBC connections to persist smoothly across planned chain upgrades |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `upgraded_client_state` | [google.protobuf.Any](#google.protobuf.Any) |  | An UpgradedClientState must be provided to perform an IBC breaking upgrade. This will make the chain commit to the correct upgraded (self) client state before the upgrade occurs, so that connected chains can verify that the new upgraded client is valid by verifying a proof of the intended new client state on the previous version of the chain. This will allow IBC connections to persist smoothly across planned chain upgrades. |
```

Reviewer 3: this needs to be updated on the .proto file and then recreate them via `make proto-gen`
